# Pair Programming Reflections

Week | Day | Pair | Notes
---- | --- | ---- | -----
4    | Monday 02-12-19 | Jamie | Notes
4    | Tuesday 03-12-19 | Eve | For the first time I had the chance to take proper notes during the pairing session. We both enjoyed having time to write down the main concepts, without the rush to skim through the challenges. I mostly navigated the session, but I embraced the opportunity to look at things step by step with the help of technical resources. We also communicated effectively and helped each other massively during our driving and researching.
4    | Wednesday 04-12-19 | Julie | It was a very pleasant afternoon. We first had a chat about how we had been feeling since the start of the course - with thoughts on trying not to get stressed and be nice to ourselves. We worked on setting up a testing environment with a test database, which was a completely new concept for us. We both liked that we tried to solve the challenge ourselves for a good amount of time before looking at the walkthrough. Although it was a technically challenging session, we had fun working together and I enjoyed Julie's kindness and patience. It was a shame it was the joga day and had to leave the session at 5pm - I hope we will have more time to work together in the future.
4    | Thursday 05-12-19 | Tuan | We paired on a tough step, requiring to wrap database data into an object. I felt we did pretty well to solve the challenge together and understand the underlining concepts. It was a very relaxed pairing session.
4    | Friday 06-12-19 | Jonathan | Unfortunately we didn't have too much time to pair properly and the session felt a bit short. Despite of that, we managed to be efficient and solve two steps of the bookmark manager challenge.
5    | Monday 09-12-19 | Harrison | We started learning Javascript. I thought it would be easier than it actually was. I struggled at first to grasp the way JS handles functions, instead of the Ruby classes and methods. Most of the time, we worked in parallel on our computers, exchanging comments. We finally got to pair on fizzbuzz and it was nice and enjoyable.
5    | Tuesday 10-12-19 | Ben | It was a very interesting and positive session. For the first time I tried a different driver-navigator style and I liked it much more than the one I had used before. The navigator gives all the instructions to the driver, which types and ask questions when not sure. This style proved to be much more engaging, improving team work.
5    | Wednesday 11-12-19 | Dawid | Unfortunately we didn't have too much time, as the day was filled with workshops. However, the session went really smoothly and we managed to get a lot of work done, with a very efficient driver-navigator style.
5    | Thursday 12-12-19 | Alastair | 
5    | Friday 13-12-19 | Harry |
